Instruction not feasible (#7128)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/cron/custom-cron-tut.md

1. Run the following command:

   ```bash
   bin/magento module:status Magento_SampleMinimal
   ```

1. Make sure that the module is enabled.

   ```terminal
   Module is enabled
   ```

> If the module is not enabled, review [step 1](#cron-tut-get) carefully. Make sure your code is in the correct directory. Spelling and case are important; if anything is different, the module won't load. Also, don't forget to run `magento setup:upgrade`.

Reviewer: In case there is some issue you will likely receive the message "Module does not exist".
```suggestion
If the output indicates that the module does not exist, review [step 1](#cron-tut-get) carefully. Make sure your code is in the correct directory. Spelling and case are important; if anything is different, the module won't load. Also, don't forget to run `magento setup:upgrade`.
```
